Add support to HyperSQL weak credentials tester (#117)
google/security-testbeds: hsqldb/weak_credentials/README.md

# HyperSQL Weak Credentials Setup

1. On hsqldb_unsecured folder there is a Dockerfile that creates an instance with default HyperSQL default credentials

2. On hsqldb_secured folder there is a Dockerfile that creates an instance with a different password

3. UNSECURED: Run the docker build: `cd hsqldb_unsecured && docker build . -t hsqldb_unsecured && docker run -d -p 8080:9001 --name hsqldb_unsecured hsqldb_unsecured && cd ..`

4. Connect to it locally by using hsqldb.jar and sqltool.jar with command `java -cp hsqldb-2.7.2.jar:sqltool.jar org.hsqldb.cmdline.SqlTool --inlineRc=url=jdbc:hsqldb:hsql://localhost:8080/testdb,user=SA,password=`

5. SECURED: Run the docker build: `cd hsqldb_secured && docker build . -t hsqldb_secured && docker run -d -p 8081:9001 --name hsqldb_secured hsqldb_secured && cd ..`

> 6. Connect to it locally by using hsqldb.jar and sqltool.jar with command `java -cp hsqldb-2.7.2.jar:sqltool.jar org.hsqldb.cmdline.SqlTool --inlineRc=url=jdbc:hsqldb:hsql://localhost:8081/testdb,user=SA` and using password `securedpassword`

Reviewer: Hello @GiuseppePorcu, thanks for your contribution!
Testbed is fine, however step 6 can be improved by providing a command equivalent to the one in step 5, along with an alternative to verify whether a password has effectively been set.

```suggestion
6. Connect to it locally using `hsqldb.jar` and `sqltool.jar` as follows:
`java -cp hsqldb-2.7.2.jar:sqltool.jar org.hsqldb.cmdline.SqlTool --inlineRc=url=jdbc:hsqldb:hsql://localhost:8081/testdb,user=SA,password=`

The above command will not log in successfully with an empty password, as expected. To authenticate properly, remove the password parameter and enter the correct password `securedpassword` when prompted. The final working command is:
`echo -n securedpassword | java -cp hsqldb-2.7.2.jar:sqltool.jar org.hsqldb.cmdline.SqlTool --inlineRc=url=jdbc:hsqldb:hsql://localhost:8081/testdb,user=SA`
```
